>> Scott Moss: We need a function that,
when given a user message, will tell us if
the user approved something or
disapproved something, cuz we don't know.
So it's like, hey, we're gonna make
an LLM call that responds back with
an object that has an approved property
on it, and approved is true or false.
And it's just like,
did the user say they approve or not?
This math reasoning thing,
this is an artifact left over.
I don't know why I left this here.
This is just the name of your schema.
When you give OpenAI API, a schema
like this, you have to give it a name,
you can put whatever you want here.
I guess I copied and pasted this somewhere
and just forgot to take this off, but
yeah, math reason,
you can put whatever you want here.
This is just the name of your schema.
I'll probably change this to approval or
something like that.
It's just for
OpenAI to know what the name of the schema
is for instrumentation purposes.
So yeah, let's go do that.
So we're gonna go into our LLM file.
LLM, we're gonna make a new one up here,
or actually I'll do it down here.
And it is called runApprovalCheck,
>> Scott Moss: And
it's gonna take a user message,
which is gonna be a string,
>> Scott Moss: And
it's just gonna call OpenAI
beta chat completions parse.
So I'm gonna say results
=openai.beta.chat.completions.parse.
The model I'm gonna use this for 4O mini.
>> Scott Moss: I'm gonna
put a temperature on 0.1,
cuz I don't want any randomness here.
For the messages,
I'm gonna make a new user message here.
So role is user content is user message.
>> Scott Moss: And then we need
to give the AI instructions so
we can do that in a system
prompt before the user message.
And then we need to give
it a response format.
And then we need to return whether or
not that was true or not.
So let's do that.
So we'll make a new message at
the beginning of this array.
This will be our system prompt.
So we'll say role system content
are gonna be the instructions.
So you are a helpful
assistant.
Your job is to determine if the
>> Scott Moss: Given user message
indicates an approval or not.
Something like that,
that's probably not good.
What the hell did I put here?
I put, determine if the user
approved the image generation.
If you are not sure,
then it is not approved.
That's so much better.
Let me copy that one [LAUGH].
I think I e-mailed that one and
got it to there.
So I'm gonna do that.
>> Scott Moss: Determine if the user
approved the image generation.
If you're not sure,
then it's not approved.
So I've made this specifically for
image generation, which, honestly,
it doesn't need to be here, because
this has no concept of image generation.
It doesn't know anything about that.
So this probably doesn't mean anything.
I think I put this here because I
was obviously gonna write this for
image generation.
And if the person responded back with
something about image generation and
their approval,
this thing would have been confused.
So I specifically put image generation
here, which would also mean that
eventually I would need a list of
tools that need approvals here.
And then I would loop over those
names here to be whether or
not they approve image generation or this,
or this, or this, so it knows the name of
every tool that needs an approval, but
I only have one, so I just hard coded it.
Okay, and then the next thing
we need is a response format.
So response format uses this
zod response format helper,
and it takes in an object,
c.object like this, and
then the second one again
I told you the name of
the schema I'm just
gonna call it approval.
And it's only gonna take in,
was it approved or not?
And I'm gonna say that's a boolean,
and I'll give a description,
did the user approve the action or not.
And do I not have zod here?
Let me import zod.
>> Scott Moss: Cool.
>> Scott Moss: So we have that,
this is what gives us the structured
output along with the beta parse.
>> Scott Moss: And then, now I need to
return, and it should be type check now,
so now I can say
result.choices[0].message.parsed,
and that, as you can see,
is an object with
an approved property owner, approved.
So only reason this wouldn't be
here is if it was refusal instead.
>> Scott Moss: So
obviously you would check for refusal.
We're not gonna do that.
We're just gonna assume that it's there.